2.(A)
1.Identify the variables and the exact information that i seek from the questionnaire in order to get the usable data.
2.Write down all the questions that help me to get information that i require.
3.Once i have done with the questions go through each questionnaire and filter them out and group them based upon similarity of ideas.
4.Based upon the groups,order the questions in a logical flow.Ideally start the questionnaire with easy to answer questions and slowly proceed to the tougher ones.
5.The framed questions must match the language to the target group.It is essential to have clarity about the language used by the target subgroups.
6.Ensure that each question clearly conveys the idea and does not leave a gap for different interpretations.
7.Add a introductory note to the questionnaire and give an idea about what they can expect in the questionnaire.


2.(B)  
(i)END BENEFICIARIES:

     Why are you recommending this procedure?What are the options?
     How do clinical trials help people with cancer?    
     What are the other treatment options do you prefer to treat the larynx cancer other than this type of machine?
     Will using the test,in practice,result in imporved patients outcome?   
     What information will these tests tell you?

(II)USERS:
     Which treatment or combination of treatments do you recommending to treat this type of cancer?
     What is the goal of the treatment do you recommending to treat this type of cancer by using this machine?
     What are the risks?How  do they compare with the benefits?
     How do you prepare for surgery?  
     What is the surgeon's experience with this procedure?
     What are the specific risks that this procedure involves?
     How good this machine to find staging of cancer?
     What are the short-term side effects of this treatment?
     What are the long-term side effects may be associated with this cancer treatment?
       
(III)OTHER STAKEHOLDERS:
     What is the expected time period for this cancer treatment?
     What type of anesthesia do you provide?
     Has the lab or diagnostic test been shown to lead to a change in the patients diagnosis?
     How accurate is the lab or diagnostic test in ruling in or ruling out the disease?
     How many people are diagnosed with this medical devices for treating cancer each year?
     How much experience do you have treating this type of device?
(IV)EXISTING MARKET PLAYERS:
     What are the amendments to the performamce standard?
     How do the new requirements affect a patient's diagnosis or treatment?
     What are the new requirements for this treatment?
     Will the new amendments require changes to existing treatments?
     When must manufacturers begin to comply with the new requirements?
       How will these amendments change the way a physician performs this treatment procedure?
       Will ordering the test lead to a change in therapy for the patient?